Improve the SQL worker container configuration (#280)
repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf-worker: docs/source/guide/Docker_README.md

#### (Required) `RSTUF_SQL_SERVER`

SQL server address.
RSTUF requires [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org).

The SQL Server must to be compatible with
[SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org). RSTUF recomends

> [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org).

Reviewer: By removing those and replacing them with line 76 we insist that we accept only `PostgresSQL`, right?

Author: Yes, correct.
Let's start by suggesting a database we have tested and used.

  * `RSTUF_SQL_USER` optional information about the user name

    If using this optional variable:

>     - Do not include user in the `RSTUF_SQL_SERVER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Do not include the user in the `RSTUF_SQL_SERVER`.
```

    - The `RSTUF_SQL_PASSWORD` becomes required

>   * `RSTUF_SQL_PASSWORD` use this variable to inform the password separated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `RSTUF_SQL_PASSWORD` use this variable to provide the password separately.
```
